Minister.
Anything?
We still haven't been able to make contact
Northwood or Whitehall.
Someone's going to have to go out there
and find out what's happening.
Do we ask for volunteers?
I think you just give the order.
What have I told you about
running in the corridors?
Stop running.
They're going stir crazy cooped up in here.
What are you telling them?
For right now, nothing.
What am I supposed to tell them?
Everyone they know, all their family,
their friends, probably all dead.
I'm sorry. That was insensitive. I...
How are you doing?
It doesn't seem real, you know?
Maybe it's not as bad as we think.
Helen?
What's wrong?
I thought you'd gone without me.
I was just looking in the shed.
Why would I leave without you?
Right.
We've still got a long way to go. Come on.
Mum?
-What's wrong?
- Nothing.
Get your stuff. We're going.
Why are we going out this way?
We just are.
Come on.
Have you been able to sleep?
A little.
And you?
Not really.
Seen from here we could almost forget.
Do you have any family besides your sister?
Our parents died in a car accident
when she was twelve.
I'm sorry.
It was a long time ago.
Did you raise her?
Not easy.
Especially for her.
She never really got over it.
Colonel, Doctor...excuse me.
Is it the same everywhere?
There are probably remote places
where they have not landed.
Maybe they don't know anything about it
and life goes on like normal.
I hope so.
What is that?
Where is it coming from?
It's the same frequency again.
Is that music?
That's really weird.
Still from the Northwest?
-Yes.
I'll try to clean up the signal.
What's going on?
That song.
That's the one we sent into space.
I chose it.
That's how they found us.
This is our fault.
What will we do when we get home?
I don't know. Maybe we can
find out what's happening.
How?
I don't know.
Mum?
What? What is it now?
Hey!
Who's that?
It's a doctor.
Hey, are you guys okay?
- You're not hurt or anything?
- No.
Good, 'cause there's fuck all I could
have done about it if you were.
You're not a doctor?
No, I'm just a porter.
My other clothes had shit and puke
all over them so I just, ah...
Just rocking the look.
Here...you're a mum, yeah?
You know about babies and stuff?
I could really use your help, right now.
I'd love to help but we're heading home.
My Mum's not big on helping people.
Oh...
Well...please?
Do you want me to beg?
It's just through here.
I'm Ash, by the way.
This place has been absolutely
mental the last few days.
I've cleared all the bodies.
It was horrible.
You don't want to go through those doors.
Where are all the doctors and nurses?
Well, there was a surgeon
and a few nurses, but...
they left to find their families.
Help yourself to snacks and drinks and all.
- Where are you taking us?
- To the basement.
It's the safest place in the building.
When the backup generator survived
we're pretty much the only place
around here that still has lights.
Some people show up
looking for help, but, ah...
I've got some medicine,
a few medical books...
You just have to do your best, right?
I'm just down here
Into this corridor.
Oh...there he is, the big boy.
You've been looking after all of them?
Yeah, I tried to get as many
of them down here as I could.
There was 11 to begin with,
some of them
their parents came and got them.
These guys...
I guess their parents aren't coming.
Well, it's all taken off, though.
There isn't a second when
one of them doesn't need
feeding, or changing, or at least holding.
I'm running on empty.
So what do you guys reckon?
Can you help me out here for a little bit?
Just for like a day.
Half a day, even?
I just need a couple of hours
to get my head down.
Yeah, we can't...
We need to head back.
I need to get them home.
It's not I don't want to.
But, you're not going to.
Mum!
It's cool. I get it.
Got to look after Number One, right?
I'm looking after my kids.
Let's go.
Mum...
half a day is not going to make a difference.
I know...
What's going on?
This isn't you.
Shit!
I don't understand. What?.
- Hey, get under the car.
- Wait.
What the fuck was that?
Are you going to wait for it to come back?
Come on.
Oh my God!
Helen.
What happened?
Dan?
Helen!
What the hell is that?
I have no idea.
Hello?
I heard shooting.
It's okay, it's okay.
It's dead.
Whatever it is.
Bill!
What happened?
Those things...
they got into the bunker
and they killed everyone.
They killed my children.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I was in the safe room and
couldn't get to them.
I couldn't...
They were...
hiding underneath the bed.
They must have been so scared.
I should have been with them.
We're looking for our son.
Daniel Ward.
He worked for you?
You're Dan's parents?
Some people made it out.
Dan was with them.
Where would he have gone?
I don't know.
I thought they'd be safe.
I have to bury them.
But I can't.
We'll help you.
He's alive.
Jesus.
Where would he go?
I don't know.
Maybe he's looking for us.
But he's alive.
We're going to find him.
I can't begin to imagine
what she must be going through.
I'll dig...
you keep watch.
What?
I really thought I was going to die.
Rachel, it's ready.
Do you believe there's a God?
No.
Maybe it's easier if you believe in something.
Can I ask you to do something?
Yes, of course. Anything.
Will you bury me with my children?
- No
- Oh no, please!
You shouldn't have to see this.
No, Rachael, put the gun down.
Not like this.
What would you do?
I hope you find Dan.
I always liked him.
There's nothing you can say.
I'm sorry.
"The rabbit hole went straight on
"like a tunnel in some way
"and then dipped suddenly down
"so suddenly
"yet Alice had not a moment
to think about stopping herself
"before she found herself falling down
"what seemed to be a very deep well.
"Either the well was very deep,
"or she fell very slowly
"for she had plenty of time
as she went down to look about her
"and to wonder what was
going to happen next."
What do you think Dad's going to do?
Do you think he'll head home?
It's going to take him a while
to get back from France.
I remember feeding you in the night.
It's like there was no one else in the world.
Just you and me.
You had this really thick, dark hair.
You looked like a little boy.
Mum?
What is it?
I don't know if I'm making the right choices.
That's okay.
I've always tried to do what's
best for you but...
Nothing's the same any more.
No one knows what they're doing.
Everyone's just...
making it up as they go.
That's not really my style is it?
Maybe you can make a list
so you can tick things off.
Stay Alive. Tick.
That's not funny.
You got us into the underground.
This little one...
she'll never know her parents.
What is it?
I can hear it again.
Emily?
I saw light!
Let me help you.
What the fuck!
I saw a light!
Love, I'm not sure that's possible.
I know what I saw.
Mum!
The guy who got stabbed in the shop...
he's here.
What? Are you sure it's him?
Yeah. He's in the corridor on a trolley.
Did he see you?
Yeah.
What are you doing?
Get back on the trolley.
You need rest, brother.
What's going on?
He pointed a gun at my daughter.
Is that true?
What the fuck?
Look, whatever's happened...
you leave it outside, yeah?
You're no shit to the others in here.
Alright?
You stay away from my family.
What are you doing?
The light is better in here.
It's organic.
It's got some sort of nervous system.
I'm not sure what I expected them to look like.
If it is even them.
What do you mean?
The technology is...
it's obviously more advanced than ours.
But this...
this is relatively primitive.
So you think there's something else?
I don't know, maybe.
This is...
this is a neural cortex.
Do you want me to get rid of that?
So what would you have done
had been Dan?
I don't know.
I don't want that thing in here while we sleep.
You're a natural.
Fake it 'til you make it.
This lad loves his music.
Hushes right up.
Where are your family?
I'm sorry.
I've got to keep my shit together
for these little guys.
Here, now I know you're
not supposed to have favourites...
but there's something about this dude.
Can you give me some light?
What's your name?
Your name?
Jonathan.
I'm Chloé.
I was like you the first time I saw one.
What happened?
I was with some people heading out of Paris
and um...a couple of those things found us.
and they killed them all.
The children too.
Jesus.
So, umm, where are you going?
London.
My family are there.
And you?
I'm going to my parents.
It's near d'Amiens.
My son was staying there.
Are we safe here?
We're not safe anywhere,
so we should take turns to stay awake.
I'll start. You can have some sleep.
So sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
What's wrong?
My sight's come back.
I can see.
Emily?
Tom!
Tom, where's Emily?
Em!
What's going on?
I can't find my daughter.
It's not like my sight was before.
It's different.
It's so weird.
Do my eyes look normal?
Ah, I think so.
Get away from her!
Mum, it's okay.
What are you doing?
Mum, listen.
I can see.
What?
I can see you.
My sight's come back.
What?
Tom.
What are they firing at?
We need to go downstairs.
Mum...
Come on.
What's wrong?
Last night, I...
I saw a woman. She was running.
I think something was chasing her.
What was it?
Oh, I don't know...I...
I don't think it was human.
Okay, now you're really freaking me out.
Do you think it was them?
The guns I had when you found me...
where are they?
Were you a soldier or something?
You're not taking these fucking off
and leaving us are you?
I have nowhere else to go.
Okay, good.
Just checking.
Christ!
I thought you'd gone.
You want something?
Do you think it'll do any good?
Well, I'm pretty sure it's better than nothing.
You shouted in your sleep.
You scared the life out of me.
Oh yeah? What was I saying?
Oh, it was in French.
So you leaving?
Yes.
Good luck.
You too.
We could walk some of the way together.
We are both going North, so...
Only if you want to.
Oh yeah, I want to, I just...
You know, I wasn't sure whether to ask.
Pack your stuff. We're leaving.
Yeah, you look fucked!
You go and get some rest, lad.
I've got this.
So why do you think they're trying to kill us?
Maybe because we're different to them.
Surely, there's more to it than that, huh?
Sometimes, it's enough.
You know how to use this?
Mate, I don't have a Scooby.
Scooby Doo.
It means click like I don't have a clue.
Well, you need to get a Scooby.
Oh yeah, I'll tell you that.
It doesn't matter.
It's extremely easy going there.
They used other bunkers in Whitehall.
I'm with you, I think he'd go home.
If he's not there, we'll go to this other bunker.
What?
Nothing.
We should go.
Bill?
What?
I've found Dan.
Em, what's wrong?
- Listen.
- I can't...
I can't see anything.
I woke up and I couldn't see.
Well, maybe...
Maybe it was just your mind
playing tricks on you.
What, you don't believe me?
Of course, I do.
- You think I imagined it?
- No.
No, I'd never think that.
What's happening to me?
I don't know.
Helen?
Helen! Open the door!
Open the door!
Why was the door locked?
You always said you could
create things in a lab.
Biological weapons?
Theoretically, yes.
And those machines are organic inside?
Yes, as far as I understand.
I want you to find a way to kill
every last one of them.
Okay.